so this is our final attempt to
get my camera as close as
possible to a polar bear one of
our team members launches a
drone
all of a sudden the fair starts
charging
people lost their lives here
Alan runs out and grabs the
drone one
like that's important at this
point
over there
spare reaches the point where we
all just were
it was ominous because he's been
feeding davis takes a sec
can give you good
of course he's seeing this
camera come down to come on
and he walks right into it yes
yes
come on come on come here
come on come on
doing
I just bending the tripod he's
trying to get the tripod
thank you
all right
let's see if we got it
yeah
we got it we got it
and at that moment I know I've
made a photograph that will have
an impact
we got it
look at what I get to do yeah I
get to work with big cats in the
wild
you don't know what she's
thinking